README.md, before:

# ms-peptide-kd
Code and data for analyzing results from PEDAL (Parallel Equilibrium Dialysis for Affinity Learning) experiments by Zhao and Grigoryan, et al.

# Table of contents
The data and code in this repository are meant to reproduce the results of our study for establishing and validating PEDAL on the example of measuring a large number of PDZ-peptide interactions. The code is also meant to serve as demonstration of how PEDAL data can be analyzed to produce both Kd estimates and associated uncertainties.

`ms_allData3.xlsx` -- mass spectrometry data (including peptide sequences and peak intencities) obtained as part of our study of PDZ-peptide interactions using PEDAL. The file contains five independent datasets (different peptide libraries or different experimental settings). This is the default dataset read by `analyzeMS.m`.

`Kd_FP_sum.xlsx` -- peptide affinity validation data obtained using using Fluorescence Polarization (FP) in low throughput.

`analyzeMS.m` -- the main script for analyzing PEDAL data. It reads a data file (by default, `ms_allData3.xlsx`) and output a CSV file containing Kd, estimated error, observed apparent error, number of occurrences, alpha and cross-correlation value of each unique peptide. The script also reads `Kd_FP_sum.xlsx` and uses `plotFpMsKd.m` to plot the affinities from PEDAL assay against affinities from FP assay for a group of peptides
	
`best.txt` -- the best estimation of Kd (i.e., the one with the lowest predicted error) for each unique sequence identified from all four peptide libraries.   

`cluster_seqs.m` -- this script reads `best.txt` and perform a t-SNE analysis of all the peptides included.

Commit message:

add the results folder and edited the read file accordingly

README.md, after:

# ms-peptide-kd
Code and data for analyzing results from PEDAL (Parallel Equilibrium Dialysis for Affinity Learning) experiments by Zhao and Grigoryan.

# Table of contents
The data and code in this repository are meant to reproduce the results of our study for establishing and validating PEDAL on the example of measuring a large number of PDZ-peptide interactions. The code is also meant to serve as demonstration of how PEDAL data can be analyzed to produce both Kd estimates and associated uncertainties.

`ms_allData3.xlsx` -- mass spectrometry data (including peptide sequences and peak intencities) obtained as part of our study of PDZ-peptide interactions using PEDAL. The file contains five independent datasets (different peptide libraries or different experimental settings). This is the default dataset read by `analyzeMS.m`.

`Kd_FP_sum.xlsx` -- peptide affinity validation data obtained using using Fluorescence Polarization (FP) in low throughput.

`analyzeMS.m` -- the main script for analyzing PEDAL data. It reads a data file (by default, `ms_allData3.xlsx`) and output a CSV file containing Kd, estimated error, observed apparent error, number of occurrences, alpha and cross-correlation value of each unique peptide. The script also reads `Kd_FP_sum.xlsx` and uses `plotFpMsKd.m` to plot the affinities from PEDAL assay against affinities from FP assay for a group of peptides
	
`best.txt` -- the input file for cluser_seqs.m   

`cluster_seqs.m` -- this script reads `best.txt` and perform a t-SNE analysis of all the peptides included.

'results' folder contains the output result files for all binders and non-binders for each library and 4-library combined (except for the low domain experiment).
